resources/analysis_patterns.md, before:

## Patterns for function analysis

**Note**: \
`|` - OR. You can use any of word listed via | character. These words are identical \
`(something)?` - optional. Words in brackets are optional and may be omitted \
`func` - the function in relation to which the query is made \
`something1, something2, ...` - a sequence of arguments \
You can also use any number of spaces between words. The case is not important

1) **Derivative**:
    - diff | differentiate | derivative (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - diff | differentiate | derivative (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_ by x, y, ...
2) **Domain**:
    - domain | definition (area | range) (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
3) **Range**:
    - range (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
4) **Zeros**:
    - zeros | zeroes (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
5) **Axes intersection**:
    - intersect | intersection (with)? axes (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - axes intersect | intersection (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - axes _func_
6) **Periodicity**:
    - period | periodicity (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
7) **Convexity**:
    - convex | convexity (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
8) **Concavity**:
    - concave | concavity (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
9) **Continuity**:
    - continuity | continuous (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
10) **Vertical asymptotes**:
    - vertical | v asymptote(s)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
11) **Horizontal asymptotes**:
    - Horizontal | h asymptote(s)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
12) **Slant asymptotes**:
    - slant | s asymptote(s)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
13) **Asymptotes**:
    - asymptote(s)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
14) **Evenness**:
    - even(ness)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - is (a | the)? (function)? _func_ even (function)?(?)?
15) **Oddness**:
    - odd(ness)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - is (a | the)? (function)? _func_ odd (function)?(?)?
16) **Maximum**:
    - max(imum) | highest (value)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
17) **Minimum**:
    - min(imum) | lowest | smallest (value)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
18) **Stationary points**:
    - crit(ical)? | stationary (points)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_

Commit message:

Examples.json (in resources), math bug fixes - Examples file with 145 expressions for plotting and analysing - Fix: sometimes is_odd and is_even functions give wrong result even because of not doing simplification - Fix: monotonicity of not strictly increasing functions defined as non-monotonic - Fix: infinities are defined as slant asymptotes - Fix: typo in "odd" pattern in analyse_patterns.json - Add pattern "is function ** convex / concave?"
Took 9 hours 8 minutes

resources/analysis_patterns.md, after:

## Patterns for function analysis

**Note**: \
`|` - OR. You can use any of word listed via | character. These words are identical \
`(something)?` - optional. Words in brackets are optional and may be omitted \
`func` - the function in relation to which the query is made \
`something1, something2, ...` - a sequence of arguments \
You can also use any number of spaces between words. The case is not important

1) **Derivative**:
    - diff | differentiate | derivative (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - diff | differentiate | derivative (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_ by x, y, ...
2) **Domain**:
    - domain | definition (area | range) (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
3) **Range**:
    - range (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
4) **Zeros**:
    - zeros | zeroes (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
5) **Axes intersection**:
    - intersect | intersection (with)? axes (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - axes intersect | intersection (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - axes _func_
6) **Periodicity**:
    - period | periodicity (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
7) **Convexity**:
    - convex | convexity (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - is (a | the)? (function)? _func_ convex (function)?(?)?
8) **Concavity**:
    - concave | concavity (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - is (a | the)? (function)? _func_ concave (function)?(?)?
9) **Continuity**:
    - continuity | continuous (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
10) **Vertical asymptotes**:
    - vertical | v asymptote(s)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
11) **Horizontal asymptotes**:
    - Horizontal | h asymptote(s)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
12) **Slant asymptotes**:
    - slant | s | oblique asymptote(s)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
13) **Asymptotes**:
    - asymptote(s)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
14) **Evenness**:
    - even(ness)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - is (a | the)? (function)? _func_ even (function)?(?)?
15) **Oddness**:
    - odd(ness)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
    - is (a | the)? (function)? _func_ odd (function)?(?)?
16) **Maximum**:
    - max(imum) | highest (value)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
17) **Minimum**:
    - min(imum) | lowest | smallest (value)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
18) **Stationary points**:
    - crit(ical)? | stationary (points)? (of)? (a | the)? (function)? _func_
